Good morning, everyone.
Hi everyone, happy Friday!
Good morning, good evening.
Hi everyone, good morning, good evening, happy Friday. Sorry about that delay.
Good morning, Malhan.
Hey, good morning.
So, good morning, everyone.
Good morning, Colin.
Good morning, Syed.
Good morning.
So I know today I'm expecting the meeting with Srinivas to be a little bit more high level. I think what he's intending is, you know, Monday, Wednesday, we're kind of more tactical, you know, getting deeper on things. And I think Friday he's really going to want from an update session perspective, which is why I said my message in our team chat.
to that effect. So, and now I have a lot going on in the background with him. I'm trying to get together all the different items that he had asked for. He had asked, I think, some from you in the meeting. Then he had reached out to me for some items as well. So what I wanted to do is just kind of go through with everyone.
I know it's been kind of a silent week for me. I'll explain why towards the end of this call. It's a good thing. But
I want to first, you know, just see where we're at with everything. You know, and definitely to hear a little bit about Wednesday, how that went. I saw some things in the chat. I definitely had some questions there, so that I'm ready for what's going on today. But why don't we start with just kind of an overview then of what
the meeting on Wednesday was like. And I did read the minutes of meeting, so thank you both for sending that in to return to meet up.
I think one thing is he brought up a lot about MCP. And the first question that I had around that was, I get it, but MCP for what purpose? Is that well defined? And he's mentioning like access to other people's MCPs that already exist. Do we have that access? Or was that something where he just kind of mentioned it?
Um, I'm just trying to understand, like, where, like, how actionable he wants that MCP part to be.
Sure, call. So, right now, like we categorize into header level header level categories, like we have like around 12 of them, so he looked into all of those, like all the dashboards. So, the main point, like we he came up with this, like the first one with where we have like workflow and NX.
Yep.
and X related issues. So he wants us to like primarily first like focus on the cat MCP, which is for the commit approval tracking. So someone from their team, his name is Niloy, I think he created the cat MCP.
Mhm.
And they have it in a marketplace, so where they all they they create some different MCPs and put it there, so where we can use that MCP, consume that MCP, and then use it for our issues, so the...
Right now, like we, there are like a couple of other MCPs, but right now he wants to focus on the cat MCP, like end-to-end, cat issues and cat MCP to get the details and deploy this end-to-end. And then later, like we have to look into.
Like other issues, and like if the MCPS are available, we can use them, or if not available, we have to like create those MCPS as well to get the get the get the updates from the from there and.
Try to map the issues and provide a provide a reply with the bot.
Okay, okay, so just, so I'll repeat back and let me know if this is correct. Okay, so there is some existing cat MCP that exists in a marketplace rebuild. And we have access to the code for that, yes?
So.
Okay.
We don't have access to the code. We only have access to the MCP server. Like we can just like use this.
No.
So it's like what you call Cisco's internal marketplace for like developer console. On there they also have like agent skills, MCPs, prompt hub and different apps that others have created. So from there someone has deployed like a cat MCP.
Plus, there are like other MCPs as well available there, but he asked us to like start with the CAD MCP. I don't think we have like currently the option to upgrade that MCP. What he want from us is like go ahead and explore like how many tools are currently in that MCP and if like there are any issues which from like our categorization in the CAD section.
which can be like resolved using the tools available on that MCP and figure out like what exactly is present, what is missing. First do this for the cat MCP, cat, and then do it for like the 11 other subcategories of the issue. And for.
Okay.
Yeah, for MCPs they are like, we want MCPs for everything. So you saw 12 issue categories, correct? They are saying they want 12 like tables which each has different like categorized data. And what I'm thinking like in my mind, we have not clarified with them.
Mm.
But in my mind, it's like categorized data in DB. So we have a cat MCP, one like for build MCP, one test bed MCP, and like that for all the different kind of like issue types. We have different MCPs and those have like their separate own tools available, which can like.
I help you with the issues, so yeah.
OKOK.
Right, yeah, I think that is that is the one which Srinu has mentioned, like, you know, for high level.
So then two questions for us. So how the MCPs are made available in the marketplace? Is it visible? Like what's there for them? Are they documented? Is that part visible in the marketplace? Have we explored them so far?
Yeah, we have the documentation. We have like plugins like in for VS Code and Deep Syed Carser. Like they have, they have it in the marketplace and the read me also. So for CAT MCP specific, like there are like 4 tools available.
So, I have seen them.
We can easily add it to the like VS code, install it to the VS code and run the server. But yeah, to like to get answers, like to use the tool, I tried to like do that and then I couldn't do that because of love.
Be.
NX repo, I should be access to get access to the NX repo so that I get the commit approval tracking issue related answers.
Okay, okay, so for that then, so what I'm getting at is that, so the MCP exists, it's on the marketplace. Of course, we can install in VS Code. The tools are exposed to us, so we can see what capabilities that MCP has in terms of connections. Right now, the blocker is that there are some parts of the tool that cannot be tested due to our current permissions in a given repository.
So, you know, there's no way for us to, you know, write a commit, so we can't even use that tool. We can access it in VS Code, but we can't actually execute it because we lack the relevant commit permissions. Is that right?
Right.
Right, yeah.
Got it, got it. Okay. And then for him, those four tools that we have, the other part that we're going to have to do and we'll probably want to start to talk about today is going to be the gap analysis. So, you know, what do those tools provide access to versus what do we need in order to resolve that cat?
workflow. So that is part of it that we're going to need to explore and understand. That's something that we should have some plan for today as we talk. So if we've looked into it, we should talk about it. He's not going to be happy if we say we just tried to install an MCP. So he's going to need more than that. So we'll need to have.
something ready for what our plan is for getting the MCP, you know, figuring out what the gaps are in the tool and what it can and cannot do for us, and how close we can get to resolving the high bucket as well, how it maps out to the actual functions that we need. And you know, the other part of it is too.
I understand he wants this, but for any MCP to work, I think he's kind of thinking about it backwards a little bit. You know, you have to know that there's an issue and it has to be in that category first before it can be resolved. So what about the categorization system? You know, like the database, the skill.
Did he go into that on the meeting?
Yeah, we looked into that, like we presented him about the database and the skill, so yeah, he was he he liked it and then he wanted like he was focusing on in the real time for the release managers, like so first he thought like this is.
The.
Completely like one time, but then I, yeah, mentioned him that we can do this and we can deploy this for a real-time use case, and then he, yeah, he, I showed him like how the database is there right now, like as well, like how we are storing it, then he looked into those and then, yeah, we can we can pull those categories.
from there and we can create like an intersection table where we have cat issues and from MCP we have like the information and then map it there and then we can use it for the bot to answer.
Got it, got it. So is he, did he give any specification on how we should deploy that? Because that's not like his typical, you know, first of all, we still don't have, to my best knowledge, we still don't have the AES server. So it's, we're not, it's not possible for us to have something deployed per se until that.
Accounts.
Right, I think he mentioned like 2 reports. One is SME, SME KB and CICD. For this one, the skill one, I'm not sure exactly.
No, no, no, no, no, no. So not this skill, not this skill. I'm talking about a deployed system. The skill is just something that you run manually in VS Code. For something to be deployed, it has to be, you know, running all the time in the background.
Okay.
Right.
No, I think we did not.
discuss on that in detail in deployment part.
Okay.
That's something we'll have to get resolved today, or else the upstream of that won't make any sense, because we won't have any way to actively categorize new things. We'll have ways to work on historical records that have been processed, but without that running first, you know, that's a car with no engine, effectively.
Yeah.
Yes, for him also, I think currently his understanding is we don't have like a model which can like directly be deployed and used. So we have to think about and build it. But if we really want to do it, we can just load this skill into Codex and let it go like, we really don't need an agent even.
Mm.
And even if we want to do it via agent, that's also not that badly.
Right, right.
But yes, we have to make it clear to him first. First of all, what exactly he wants. I'm still not clear to what exactly they want.
Yeah, I think that's the big thing because like he says, like make MCPs for everything. They have to have a purpose or else you can't build it. You know, you can't design something without a, you know, a function in mind.
Like one more thing here, like to point out Colin. So he shared this MCP server link where all the MCPs are deployed. You will find it in like the CICD work group which he has created. You can also explore it. This also has like agent skills already deployed on this.
Mhm.
So someone is creating and someone knows. So why is it not like a, what do you call, organizational knowledge kind of thing? Or are they hosting these at other places as well? Is this like, what do you call, working in silos or what exactly are they doing?
Right, right. The real answer is, so yeah, we won't know. I think the trick is let's leverage as much as we can from them and figure out how we can get a handle on it. Because right now, I think the consistent problem that I'm seeing is that he keeps on asking us to use things that people already built that might have not have been built properly.
And.
Yes.
that aren't really meant for any specific purpose. So that's why they're not a good fit here.
Let's look into that, but you know, and I think maybe the last thing on this, so what have we done since Wednesday? So what, you know, what's the kind of our progress update on this? He asked us to, you know, get to the MCP, explore it, you know, try to map it out to...
Okay.
the categorization. So what's the update there? What have we done since Wednesday?
So, Cat MCP, so I installed it VS Code, but I was not able to execute it, so I reached out to Niloy for understanding the setup, or like what all tools or what all capabilities it has, and then just a discussion on that, but I haven't received any update.
So I was going through like installing the NX repo and trying to resolve it, but I was having an issue with the Git LFS error and then I had like a document shared from Justin. So I was, yeah, I was trying to like execute that to connect and see.
That, yeah, if I'm able to like run that MCP locally.
So you see where he's going to have an issue with this regard. I mean, he's going to say, you know, the install for it, that takes 10 minutes. And then, you know, not getting it, that's fine. But he's going to not want to say that we, you know, 36 hours later, we only have, you know, an install attempt. Even if there was some issue, he's going to want to say, you know,
Well, in the meantime, we could have been exploring, we could have been doing that gap analysis. So, I mean, I think that's something, you know, I gotta flag to you, we gotta do more.
Okay.
All right. Now, the next part, so Namita, I know you were working with Justin to understand the CICD job stages.
All the artifact locations that get commit metadata.
So the knowledge graph, I think you got some clarity on that as well. There are dependency graphs, effectively, for individual build steps. It's not one holistic, generic thing that's automatically done. Is there any automation there? And it says Srivas mentioned, you could work towards knowledge graph, but doesn't want to hold the project to start on the effort.
it still doesn't really track with me. So I'm just trying to understand what happened in the meeting. So I know you were working with Justin to understand the steps.
Yes.
And then they have dependency graphs. Let's start with dependency graphs. So how is that working today for them?
I see.
Yeah, so for the dependency graph, Justin has provided us a command which helps us to get the dependency graph of a particular build.
That we can execute on the ADS machine.
This is what it is. And what I was asking Justin on the call previously was do they have a dependency graph for the PRs? Because now we are interested in the commits, right? How the commits are related to each other or how PR1 can cause problems in PR2 and so on.
So that dependency graph they don't have, but they have the graph for dependency graph for the builds.
Got, got it.
This information he provided regarding dependency graph. The second was regarding the call graph. He mentioned that there is already someone working on the call graph, but yesterday evening he messaged us that he has created some call graph TB.
Yeah.
And.
The output of that main meeting was just to get hold of the commits. Given a build, multiple commits go into that build, right? So where do we get all this commit information? That metadata location he provided. So after that, what I did was I wrote a script which will help us to identify.
Which commit caused the problem? Let's say we have build number 100. It has five commits that went into it.
But, obviously, all these five commits may not have caused a build failure. There might be 1 commit which may have caused it, or two commits. So, given the log files and the commit information, the goal of this program is to get which commit caused the failure. So, after running the program, we get to know, OK, let's say commit number.
Third was a problem. Okay, because of which the build failed. So that information we have and I wrote the program for it. And I believe now the next step is, given this third commit has failed, why did it fail, right? There might be some previous commits, some dependent comments.
which may have caused that problem. So I'm trying to figure out that link. And to get this information, I was having more discussion with him regarding the dependency graph and so on. But the dependency graph looks like it is only related to the build information. So need to, you know, understand more the later part, but the first part.
Is understand the comments that is that's been handled.
Got it, got it. Okay, so on this one then, let me see if I get this one too. So they have a call graph, which would be the individual build steps, you know, the things that happen within a build itself. That's the call graph, is that right?
Yeah, within a program, how the functions call each other, kind of that information.
Ah, okay. That's what that means. Okay, okay. So that's, I understand. Okay, so they have that. And then separately, they wrote something custom for a dependency graph.
that is for individual build steps. So like this step is dependent on that step. Is that right? Or is that more than that?
Yeah.
Yes, correct. That's just a Bazel command which is already available to us. So they have various packages, right? They have various Bazel packages. So one of them, let's say, is Core 64 and 9000. So to understand, to build this N9000,
OK.
What all?
packages are they really building? What all steps happen inside that package? So to get that dependency, they are running a command and they get information about it. Okay, let's say to build this N9000 Bazel package, this is how the image one will be dependent on image 2.
then let's say image 3 will be dependent on image 4 and so on. That's the information this dependency graph will give us.
Okay, and so is that a built-in out-of-the-box Bazel tool or is that some custom script that someone wrote?
I think it just took a command, because when I searched it online, they just have normal commands in Bazel, which we can we can just execute.
Okay, okay, and that's what I was thinking too, because these are, like I said, if ever in doubt, if it seems like someone, somewhere, somehow would have had this problem before, it probably is solved, especially on Bazel, which comes from Google. So that's most likely it, and that's something that we should make clear, because the two things that are good there, number one,
In a way, it kind of discredits, right? And in a positive way, it discredits what Devakar was saying, like, oh, we built this. You didn't build anything. You ran a script. And by ran a script, you ran a single line in a terminal. So that changes that equation pretty substantially in our favor. The second part of it is, so they have that for Bazel.
Now, I know on Monday we were talking before the meet on the GitHub dependency graph, because what they're describing is a dependency graph. I think once again, they've just mixed up the words, because that's traditionally what you'd call as a call graph. And what they're calling a call graph, you'd traditionally call a relationship map. You wouldn't call it a call graph because it's not a call graph.
I think they're just, I won't die on that hill of terminology, but whatever. Have we looked into, you know, what's available then in GitHub for dependency map? How are we doing on that side of the work?
Oh.
Yes, to find the mapping of various PRs, right? That's where you're going. Correct, if I understand. Commits, yeah.
Yes, PRs, commits, PRs, commits, etc. Yeah.
Yeah, so I'm still in the process of getting more information about it from GitHub and even the link that you shared during the last call regarding the SPOM, right? So they say that the SPOM part which you shared will give us or help us to identify the dependency if there is a third part.
a party package failure. So let's say a build fails.
and then there is a failure, but the target which is failing has a third party package and it is not something which Cisco owns, then SPOM query will help us to find out which PR updated it. That's the information I got. So that's the one part, but the other part is what if the culprit is...
is our internal code itself, the target internal code. So in that case, they say that normally call graph query will help us to identify it.
This is the knowledge I have got, but as I said, like, we need to, I'm looking at the next steps. First, we got a hold of commit. Now, how do we get to the dependency graph of commits? That's not, the picture is not very clear yet.
Okay, and this one I'll have to, you know, also kind of scold a little bit because it's been, it's Friday today and I'm the one that had to send that on Monday.
And I mean, I'm going to be honest, that was pretty much what was in the link.
So my advice to this whole team is pick up the pace now.
Sure, Colin.
Now.
Because this is not acceptable. I mean, I'm going to be honest, this is stuff that, I mean, between the two things, this background research, the point of this team is not to have just meetings with Justin. The point is to get the work done.
And if I'm the one sending the link and all we're doing is reading the link, we're wasting time. We have access to all the AI tools under the sun.
So we can be able to research this. We can have an answer on this. I'm going to tell you right now, if I were to write a prompt to Claude, I could have an answer to this before the meeting. And the meeting's in, you know, an hour.
So I don't.
Yes, Colin. So the idea was, I understand, I get your point, but the idea was given the commits that we have, we were able to identify the commit, which commit caused it based on the log information, right? The log and also the commit information that they have in the DIR directory. But based on the build information that is being provided,
To us, this SB1 is not coming into picture because it's something related to GitHub.
We don't have any information about GitHub right now in the build, that the build directory that is available to us, which we will be leveraging.
Right, but that's my point right there, because the reason why I brought that up on Monday was because that was the way for you to get that information.
If you have access to the repository at all in any way, even if it's not that repository, even if it's another Git repository, it still stands. Because GitHub PRs and commits are treated the same regardless of what repo they're in. So even if it was a personal repo with some code, there's still a way to trace commits and PRs together.
and build that map and run this. That's my point here. It's not, I understand that, you know, we were focusing on the logs, but the whole point of sharing that on Monday was to say, look into this because there's a way that you can get this without the logs. Because, and I'll quote myself from Monday, we don't want to reinvent the wheel here. That's why I.
took the time to look for that link and share it with you, even though that is, I tell you right now, not my job.
So, that's what I'm trying to get at here.
Yes, sir, Colin, that was on Wednesday. Wednesday you gave me the link, then I then I got hold of it, got some information. Then the main focus after Wednesday and like mostly and on Thursday as well was getting the Git information, sorry, the commit information, which commit is the culprit out here. So that is being handled, yeah, but definitely I'll look into the.
As well.
We just have to be ready, you know, for today then, because, you know, if Srinivas, if we come to him and we say, you know, everything's up in the air and we've had a lot of meetings this week, but we're still looking into it. And I'm going to tell you all right now, this is a firm warning from me. Starting next week, if the only update we have is I'm looking into it after more than 24 hours has passed,
There will be a problem.
So I'm not trying to make anyone feel bad here, but I need to be realistic with this because everyone has access to the same tools is my point.
So, you know, you have Codex, you have Cloud Code, you have Cloud in the browser.
And all of those things are more than capable. If you wrote a prompt and said, you know, do a deep dive analysis using web search to help me understand this topic, here's the situation, here's what I'm trying to accomplish.
go to work. You would have an answer to all of these. So we're the AI team. We have to use AI more than anyone else. And we have to use it in the best way to accomplish our problems the fastest.
So if we're not doing that, or if we're manually looking into things, that immediately takes us out of being the AI team and puts us into the non-AI team.
So that's my biggest thing here. Use the tools you have in front of you to do the work as fast as you can. It's not about reading everything and intimately understanding it, because that's what skills are for. And that's why we built them. That's why we have these tools. That's what our entire purpose is on this project.
is to do it faster. If he wanted, you know, software developers, he would have hired them, but he wants us to do the AI team to get this delivered faster. That's our charter. So if we're not doing that, then we're not doing our job.
So I'll stop there. I don't want to, you know, just go off on this, but I do need you all to understand that he's not going to be happy if all he says, we're just always in, you know, looking into it mode with very little practical progress updates. And, you know, I'll be in that same boat to it myself. So for today,
It's going to more than likely be a high-level meeting.
I'll take care on that. I'm going to put together the sheet for him. But internally, I'm going to be a little bit more aggressive starting next week, because, you know, we've kind of been stagnating for two weeks now internally. And, you know, I get that these meetings are happening. I know they take time to do. I know that we have some background to do. But, you know, it's kind of in the same boat.
where I'm not seeing progress internally and that needs to change.
So.
Let's just take it in stride. We'll talk about this and we'll meet up more next week. For today, though, any updates that you have beyond what's been shared in the chat, please share them.
I'll put together the things for today, and hopefully it'll be a high-level thing. If there's anything that we missed talking about today, just share it in the chat.
Aside from that, I will see everyone in an hour.
Yep.
Yeah, one more thing to add before we close, like, so on Wednesday, Srinivas has asked for like the skills which we have built for WebEx bot, as well as like basic description of what exactly is skill and some more like documentation of.
that and put that on like CICD repo. So that I have completed. I have also like done a little bit of research on how exactly they have built this CICD pipeline. And from the looks of it, it's like pretty basic on like every part of this.
So I will share like the document for exactly what the overview is and like how exactly we can leverage that and build upon that or like make it better and just to put it like lightly. It's pretty bad, but yeah. And I also built like one more skill for like E charts.
that is kind of similar to what we have for Cloud Code, but it's for Codex. If you guys want to use it, I will put that also on the like Webex skills branch. One thing I needed to confirm from Srinivas was currently that all is on like Webex skill branch.
You.
Should we merge that as a PR on main or should we like complete above work on a single branch and do some kind of AB testing at the end of the day? How exactly do we want to build this?
Because he was saying that he want this to be deployed, I think, by next Friday, by the latest, yeah.
Yes.
So when he says deployed, do we know what he means? Because he says that word a lot. So does he just mean that it's live on the repo or does he mean that it's like somewhere else?
Yeah.
Yes.
It should be on deep side. And basically at the feature level, nothing on the security level, nothing. Even if it is just one prompt, just go ahead and put it on deep side. From what he's saying, that's what I understand, because they have not considered anything.
Okay, well...
Seriously, they have not considered anything. He just wants something to go live and then people to use them. Then people will come in and say that, yeah, these are all the issues and this is working, this is not working. And then they will go ahead, add functionality, remove functionality, or fix something. They want our product to be live.
Right.
Like, right now.
That's what they are saying.
Understood, under.
And I'm like, you are crazy.
Sr.
I think I think probably the best thing that we can do, because I think it two questions that are really important. I think the first one of those is for deep site. This is the confusion though. Do we need, so we need the ADS in order to even do deep site.
Yes.
Yes. Yes.
So then that, that is the question too, which is, you know, has anyone reached out to Mahavir on that?
We have, you know, anything, yeah.
And I think we said to like Srini was that we will contact like Mahavi for tenant ID. I don't know how that went.
Is that still pending?
Whoa.
Yes, Colin, yeah, it is still pending.
When was the last time someone followed up?
No, I think last Tuesday.
Last Tuesday?
A Tuesday, I mean.
Like this, this Tuesday or last Tuesday, okay?
This is, this is, this is.
Has he responded?
Yeah, he said to look into the document he shared to Namita.
But yeah, I went through those, but I did not, yeah, get any update.
Okay, I'm a little lost on that one, so...
He, he said, so we asked him for, you know, something specific, and he said to go look at documentation.
Are those two the same thing or what specifically did he share with us? Because that's important for so many of us today. If he's being a blocker, then I need to flag that to him.
So, when we reached out to Mahavi, like he mentioned, like we already he already approved it, but on the R tenant, whenever like we are selecting the tenant, we are not able to see that on on the page.
Okay.
And the document which which he shared with Namita is much more of like like for the requesting like ADS temporary ADS and requesting like permanent ADS document itself, but.
It is not for the like tenant requesting tenant and getting access to that.
The document is also like it has like how we can request for relem bundle.
We already got like access to the relevant bundles for standalone we did not get, but the other one like SJC, we got the access to that.
Got it, got it. So, okay, so then for as of right now, I think 2 things. Number one, definitely share that document in the group. Number 2, I'm going to have to talk to Mahavir myself at this point, because this is a blocker. And if there's any of us not going to do it, and Mahavir isn't going to do it in now three weeks.
You know, if we have to have something deployed by Friday and it's the prior Friday and we don't even have a path to it, that's an issue. You know, the final question I have before we wrap then is, is there any path, even if it involves rework, is there any path for next Friday where we do have a temporary ADS machine with the proper provisioning?
where we could temporarily deploy deepsight.
Yeah, at least not on my end, like I don't have ADS details, like even for like temporary ADS.
You mean this, Srikar or anything?
Namita has access to.
Yeah, I have access to them.
NDS, I tried like in connecting it, but I have an issue with like logging into it. So I reached out to Justin. He shared me like a couple of documents. I'm trying to run back and see if I'm able to do it or like I'll reach out to like.
Support today and get it fixed.
Yes, yes. So big thing, share the documents in the chat so at least everyone can take a look at those and help if we can. Definitely reach out to support because like I said, if it comes to next Wednesday and we don't have an ADS server online, I don't really know what certain of us is going to do there.
Um, and it's not gonna look good.
So, all right. So just share those docs in the chat. That's wrap for today. Hopefully we can have a good meeting with Srinivas. But next week, I'm going to just assign issues formally on GitHub this time. And we'll track status that way so we can stay on top of this.
Yep.
Yes, Colin. Colin, do you have some time after this meeting to talk?
Okay.
Uh, not after this one, the meeting. Uh, we'll have to meet after this early bus meeting.
Maybe I can do it. Okay.
Okay, that sounds good. Yeah, no problem. Thanks, Colin.
Yeah.
Exit.
Big.
Okay, thank you everyone. Take care. Yeah.
Thank you, everyone.
Thank you, bye.
Good, man.